Deliverable 3 Requirements
Overview of the school district analysis: Explain the purpose of this analysis.
In this analysis we  used  python, pandas and jupyter notebook skills  to perform data analysis of school district data.  

The School District Analysis was to identify the top and bottom performing schools, this analysis will help the district  allocate funds to the schools that needs it most. 
The Anaysis also grouped the type of schools and also grouped by grade, math and reading scores.

Using bulleted lists and images of DataFrames as support, address the following questions.

How is the district summary affected?
The district summary is affected by a change in the  average math scores which  decreased from 78.98 to 78.93, and average reading scores that also decreased from 81.87 to 81.85,this also reduced the passing percentages by 1% Percentages of passing all dropped about 1%
How is the school summary affected?
In the school summary, only Thomas High school is affected, because we replaced the scores for math and reading with NaN.
How does replacing the ninth graders’ math and reading scores affect Thomas High School’s performance relative to the other schools?

The replacing of the 9th graders scores, decreased the overall passing scores and percentage for Thomas High.


How does replacing the ninth-grade scores affect the following:
Math and reading scores by grade
Replacing the ninth-grade scores reduced the overall score for the school

Scores by school spending
Since the school spending is based on the number of passing students, the replacement of ninth-grade scores also reduced their spending and put them in  the $630-644 bin.
Scores by school size
The replacement of the ninth grade scores, reduced the total number of students in Thomas High School, the total number decreased from 1635 students to 1174 students. This reduction in students did  not affect the size bin. Thomas High still remained in the medium "Medium (1000-2000)" bin for the size grouping.
Scores by school type

There was no change the school type of Thomas High School.